hey guys welcome to my channel today i'm
going to talk to you about the toefl
test
as you know i took it back in 2015 and
this is how i started my channel
after i took my test i was like oh my
god i want to share my experience
i want to share how it went and five
years later
i took the toefl test again it was a
slightly different test because they've
changed some things and i'm gonna talk
about them in this video
and also they've introduced the toefl
home test which means you can take it
from home and this is what i did
i took it from my san francisco
apartment so today we're going to talk
about things that are new to toefl
and i'm going to talk about my
experience so if you're interested
continue watching this video now first
of all as you know toefl test
test your ability to speak read
understand comprehend english so it
still has four parts
reading listening speaking and writing
the toefl
home addition test and the toefl test
that you can take in the testing centers
they're both good for two years and
they're accepted by
major universities worldwide and you
really need it if you want to get
accepted to your
dream university you might wonder what
the whole process looks like when you
take your toefl from home when i took my
toefl home test i was watched and
listened to by a real proctor
a proctor is a guy who ensures that i'm
not cheating or whatever
so he looked at me through my webcam he
was listening to me
and he was making sure i'm taking the
test and not talking to
my husband or my mom or whatever and you
can take the test using your
laptop using your computer it could be
windows it could be mac
and yes you need your camera you need a
microphone i actually have a camera that
has a built-in microphone
and you need a speaker in order to take
the home edition test
the registration for the toefl test is
as easy as it was before you go to
eds.org you select toefl
you put in information about yourself
your name your last name
your passport and they're going to ask
you some information about your
education and why you need toefl test
after completing the registration you're
able to select a date for your
toefl home test or toefl testing center
test you were waiting to take the toefl
test
i think it's an amazing opportunity to
take it from home
because i just like staying at home i
just like doing things
in the convenience of you know my room
i'm used to my computer i'm used to my
laptop i'm used to
you know especially typing on a keyboard
when you need to
complete those two essays in your
writing part typing on a keyboard that
you used to
you know it just gives you more
confidence and
gives you more focus because you're
focused on the content itself and not
on searching for a key that you need for
a particular word
let's talk about the structure itself
toefl is now
30 minutes shorter than it was before so
i was able to complete my test
within around three hours and it's still
the same so you start with a reading
section
which is for me was one of the most
difficult parts because it requires
maximum concentration
and i'm really really glad it comes
first because you come with this fresh
energy and you know full of excitement
for the test
and you get the hardest part first you
really need to read into
the passages that they give you the text
that they give you and
after that you have your listening part
after that you have your 10 minute break
so you can
walk outside the room or outside your
classroom
drink water eat focus meditate breathe
and then come back for your speaking
part and for your writing part
the writing part is again still the same
it has two essays that are quite long
around 150 and 250 words but yeah
overall it's a three hour experience and
you don't have to come back for another
part of toefl because i know that there
are some tests
when you take your reading listening and
writing on day one and then you come
back for speaking i think
this test is taken in one day in
actually three hours less than a day
less than half a day which is great
again
if you have so many things on your to-do
list when you need your personal
statements for universities when you
maybe need to take another test for your
admissions when you need to
read a ton of books and take care of
family that's great that you can
take your toefl in just three hours also
very important in terms of preparation
toefl has recently introduced their free
online practice test
which is a must for everyone who's taken
toefl
not only from like knowledge perspective
and they are using
real toefl questions from the past tests
so
you would be getting like 99 match with
the experience that you would be getting
on your real toefl test
um so that's really important because
the questions are real well they they
were used in the past
because the timing is the same and i
really want you to take this
free online test because this would give
you an understanding
of what this test is about because you
really need to focus on the reading you
really need to be attentive during the
listening
and during this test you would
understand what are your weakest parts
where do you need more practice where do
you feel uncomfortable
so this is a must and toefl also has a
lot of official materials and whenever
you're preparing for the test
i would also advise you to look at the
official materials because again
they're using questions from the past
toefl test
which means they're very close to the
experience that you will be getting
on your actual test day now let's talk
about my scores i have them here it's
114 out of 120
last time i scored 117 and i think this
uh three point difference is basically
just a standard error because my
language is pretty much the same
but let's look at what i got reading uh
30 out of 30
listening 29 out of 30 and i know where
i made this mistake
speaking 27 out of 30 and i also know
where i made my mistakes
i was um hesitating in a couple of
questions
and i said one phrase and then i
corrected myself and i think that
affected the score
and then 28 out of 30 on writing i don't
really know anyone who scored 30 out of
30.
um my tutor was a native speaker scored
29 out of 30.
overall these scores are great they
would get me into hover
stanford i think the maximum i've seen
it was harvard mba
i think it was 109 back in the time when
i looked at it but yeah
this is totally fine the score is
amazing one thing regarding the scores
they've introduced
a feature called my best scores so they
take your scores from every single test
that you've taken from every single part
and then you can take the best scores
from each part and send them to your
university
which is amazing because one day maybe
you were better at speaking and another
day maybe you were better at reading
and then you can just combine those
scores and send them to your dream
university
and this way you're sending your best
scores to your dream school
the only thing to note that the scores
are valid for two years only so your
tests uh
have to be taken in the past two years
another thing that was brand new i got
my reading and listening scores
right after test so when i clicked
finish the test
it was like tadam your reading is 30 out
of 30 your listening is 29 out of 30 and
if you follow me on instagram
i shared those scores straight away it
takes them around six days to get back
to you with your
writing and speaking scores if you've
taken the home addition test
it might take a little longer i was able
to get my scores in around 10 days
so in 10 days i opened my ets account
and the scores were there
so if you decided that it is time for
you to take the toefl test go to eds.org
toefl fill in on the information select
the dates
and one important thing the process for
the home test is slightly different
because you need that equipment that
i've talked about
but they will give you all the
instructions read them carefully prepare
for the test please prepare for the test
take the online preparation test to
really get a
feel of what it's going to be like on
the actual test day i will leave all the
links below thank you so much for
watching this video guys if you've
already taken your toefl test please
comment down below with your score and
maybe share some advice that you wanted
to give to other test takers thank you
guys so much for watching this video if
you know yet subscribe to this channel
hit the red button below
and like this video if you enjoyed the
content i will see you very soon
in my next videos bye